- In the morning, when i got up, after eating breakfast i read a few pages of the book Azadi. In these pages i learnt about the conflicts and the lives of people living in Kashmir and how it is a very difficult place to live and survive with how much the military on both sides are involved. She also spoke about how the RSS preach the idea of making India a purely Hindu nation, "One Nation, One Religion, One Language". I also learnt how India is more diverse than the entirety of Europe. It has multiple languages, religions and many different and unique cultures. So it is pointless trying to confine the whole of India and make the people living in the subcontinent speak one language and follow one religion predominantly, especially in a country which is so culturally diverse. India is secular country which is one of the main reasons it is still doing fine. In a secular country not any one religion is promoted or followed by the government of the state, despite this the RSS as well as the BJP (who are in a way controlled by the RSS) have the vision and want to make India a "Hindu Rashtra". She also speaks about the demolition of Babri Masjid in 1992 on December 6, it was destroyed by a large group of activists of the Vishva Hindu Parishad who were supported by the BJP. They did this as Ayodhya was marked as the Birthplace of Ram. Babri Masjid was pelted and torn down by the group of Hindu activists. Apart from that, in Bengal multiple Muslims were killed in riots against "foreigners" or "outsiders".  Throughout multiple years, Dalits and Muslims became almost powerless. Due to them being minorities, BJP could win the elections without the Muslim vote. Dalits and Muslims were asked to bring legal documents to show their bloodline to prove that they are Indians and not "foreigners". Many of them were either extremely poor, or illiterate so it was very difficult for them to get legal documents and provide it. This judgement was passed by the Supreme Court of India, and despite the task already proving to be hard for many Muslims and Dalits, there was also a deadline, before which the legal documents had to be submitted.